CYBER INTERVENTION CNI Attack Disrupt a pipeline which supplies your target with fuel, temporarily stopping their operations. Effective 2] Responsible c-2)

TECHNOLOGY Default Passwords | The target has not set strong passwords on their key systems, allowing easy login and control. Default passwords are freely! available on the internet. Effective 0 Responsible ©

GOVERNANCE Cautious A cautious and hesitant government means that your ability to operate may be constrained or limited. Effective 2 Responsible C1)

GOVERNANCE Questionable Values and Ethics You carry out your cyber activities with little regard for wider consequences. Effective 0 | Responsible .-2)

GOVERNANCE Lack of Oversight You operate independently, with no oversight from independent democratic bodies. Effective | Responsible 2

GOVERNANCE Values and Ethics Your operations follow the principles of responsible behaviour in cyberspace set out in Responsible Cyber Power in Practice. Effective | Responsible C1)

CYBER INTERVENTION Network Attack Attack the computer network of your target, stopping them from conducting their operations. Effective : 2 | Responsible &

CYBER INTERVENTION Counter Propaganda Use your online skills to stop your target’s propaganda. Effective | Responsible a

TECHNOLOGY Internet of Things Device Attack A target’s loT devices, such as home appliances, are often insecure and can be compromised easily. Effective if Responsible Bia

INTELLIGENCE Agent Recruitment Recruiting an agent within an organisation allows you to understand more about the target, increasing effectiveness and reducing the risk of unintended consequences. Effective ou Responsible &

INTELLIGENCE Signals Intelligence Intelligence agencies routinely collect intelligence through the internet to protect national security, detect and prevent serious crime, and preserve economic wellbeing. Effective Responsible

GOVERNANCE Legal Authority Your operation is carried out in accordance with both domestic and international law. Effective o Responsible &

CYBER INTERVENTION Social Media Botnet Spread your desired message to a target through a series of fake accounts on social media. Effective 2 | Responsible &

