CYBER INTERVENTION Software Supply Chain Attack Gain access into a company supplying software to your target, then launch operations from there. Effective a . 1) Responsible

CYBER INTERVENTION CNI Attack Bring down a critical part of your target’s power grid, resulting in widespread disruption. Effective a Responsible ©

TECHNOLOGY Digital Communications Systems Disruption Some digital communications systems are susceptible to cyber attack, which can render them degraded or inoperable. Effective 2 Responsible &

GLITCH Operation Review A member of staff raises an issue with your operation at the planning stage which you need to rectify. You cannot complete an operation this turn

GLITCH Disclose a Zero Day Exploit Your equities board decides you must reveal your zero day exploit to keep others safe. Discard 1 Technology card

GOVERNANCE Parliamentary Scrutiny The Intelligence and Security Committee of the UK’s Parliament is accountable for overseeing the conduct of your cyber operation. Effective o Responsible 1)

GOVERNANCE Cautious A cautious and hesitant government means that your ability to operate may be constrained or limited. Effective Ei Responsible i

ete eee Communications Interception By compromising the servers of target communications providers, it is possible to intercept messages. Effective a Responsible ©

TECHNOLOGY Hardware Supply Chain Attack By modifying technology before it is delivered to a target, it is possible to add functionality the end user is not aware of. Effective Responsible

GLITCH Resource Reshuffle Resources are reassigned in your favour. Draw 2 Action Cards

CYBER INTERVENTION Industrial Attack Hack into the control systems of a target factory and cause damage to the production line. Effective a Responsible .-2)

CYBER INTERVENTION Information Release Find information about your target and release it on the internet. Effective LJ Responsible .-1)

GLITCH Resource Reshuffle Resources are reassigned due to a crisis event. Discard 1 Action Card

TECHNOLOGY Online Influence Online engagement can be used to reach out to an individual who poses a significant threat and seek to influence their actions in a positive way. Effective | Responsible &

