INTELLIGENCE Open Source Scanning Scan across the internet for servers, Internet of Things devices and industrial controllers. Effective 1 | @ Responsible

CYBER INTERVENTION Industrial Attack Hack into the control systems of a target factory and cause damage to the production line. Effective 2 Responsible .-2)

GOVERNANCE Questionable Values and Ethics You carry out your cyber activities with little regard for wider consequences. Effective 0 | Responsible &

TECHNOLOGY Zero Day A previously undocumented vulnerability. Using it is effective, although it could be exploited by other less responsible actors in the future. Effective | Responsible fo}

TECHNOLOGY Clandestine Technology Air-gapped or hardened networks can be accessed by installing bespoke technology on the network using clandestine techniques. Effective 13 | Responsible oe

INTELLIGENCE Communications Interception By compromising the servers of target communications providers, it is possible to intercept messages. Effective 2 | Responsible ©

GOVERNANCE Ministerial Approval Your operation is accountable to the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, and the Secretary of State for Defence. Effective o Responsible &

INTELLIGENCE Partners Working with international and other government partners increases the amount of knowledge available on a target. Effective Responsible C2)

GLITCH Budget Increase A recent spending increase from the government speeds up your development work. Action Cards

INTELLIGENCE Signals Intelligence Intelligence agencies routinely collect intelligence through the internet to protect national security, detect and prevent serious crime, and preserve economic wellbeing. Effective Responsible

TECHNOLOGY Code Injection Some websites or services will run any code that is passed in by a user. This can be used to compromise or break a target system. Effective 2 | Responsible ora

CYBER INTERVENTION Information Release Break into your target’s emails and release them to journalists. Effective Responsible 2 | ®

CYBER INTERVENTION Denial of Service Overwhelm a target system with vast amounts of specially created internet traffic. Effective Li Responsible -1)

INTELLIGENCE Public Records Public records can contain vital intelligence, if you look closely enough. Effective 0 Responsible Pdi

GOVERNANCE Risk Management A strong risk management framework minimises the likelihood of unintended consequences and increases precision. Effective a Responsible &

GLITCH Keep a Zero Day Exploit Your equities board decides you can keep your zero day exploit a secret. Action Cards

