OBJECTIVE Support to Military Operations Cyber operations can support and protect military operations to help them safely meet their mission objectives, giving military commanders a wider set of options for force protection. Effective a Responsible ®

OBJECTIVE Prevent Cyber Attacks Nations, criminals, and hacktivists carry out attacks on innocent victims. Preventing these makes the world more secure. Effective 12 | Responsible cz)

OBJECTIVE Counter Hostile Malware Uncontrolled malware is used across the world to do damage. Cyber operations can control the spread of malware and protect people. Effective fa Responsible B12

OBJECTIVE Support Law Enforcement Cyber operations can be used to track down criminals, expose their activities and protect innocent people. Effective 3 Responsible a

OBJECTIVE Disrupt Online Criminals Stopping online criminals from carrying out their operations means innocent people can use the internet safely. Effective 3 | Responsible ets

OBJECTIVE Support to Military Operations Cyber operations can support and protect military operations to help them safely meet their mission objectives, giving military commanders a wider set of options for force protection. Effective Le Responsible ®

OBJECTIVE Support Law Enforcement Cyber operations can be used to track down criminals, expose their activities and protect innocent people. Effective a | Responsible 17

OBJECTIVE Influence Behaviours of Hostile Actors Hostile actors can be persuaded to take other actions or change their plans as a result of cyber influence. Effective | 3 | roy Responsible

OBJECTIVE Counter Hostile Malware Uncontrolled malware is used across the world to do damage. Cyber operations can control the spread of ‘malware and protect people. Effective 2 Responsible ay

OBJECTIVE Disrupt State Threats Rogue or malign states seek to do damage to others. Through cyber means, they can be constrained and deterred from their activities. Effective is | Responsible Poy

OBJECTIVE Counter Disinformation Countering disinformation efforts by rogue actors allows for the truth to be understood, and for people to make their own ieee decisions. Effective Responsible

