OBJECTIVE Expose State Threats State threats include the use of spies to influence others. Cyber operations can expose the threat from this activity to prevent it happening again. Effective 2 | Responsible ca

OBJECTIVE Counter Disinformation Countering disinformation efforts by rogue actors allows for the truth to be understood, and for people to make their own informed decisions. Effective Responsible

OBJECTIVE Protect Military Operations A nation’s military carries some of the most sensitive and dangerous technologies. Protecting these from threats through cyber operations will ensure they remain effective. Effective 5 Responsible &

OBJECTIVE Disrupt a Terrorist Group Terrorist groups represent a serious threat to security. Disrupting these groups makes the nation safer and more secure. Effective 4 | Responsible : &

OBJECTIVE Disrupt State Threats Rogue or malign states seek to do damage to others. Through cyber means, they can be constrained and deterred from their activities. Effective 5 Responsible & |

OBJECTIVE Influence Behaviours of Hostile Actors Hostile actors can be persuaded to take other actions or change their plans as a result of cyber influence. Effective 3 | Responsible fo

OBJECTIVE Prevent Cyber Attacks Nations, criminals, and hacktivists carry out attacks on innocent victims. Preventing these makes the world more secure. Effective 12 | Responsible a

OBJECTIVE Protect Military Operations A nation’s military carries some of the most sensitive and dangerous technologies. Protecting these from threats through cyber operations will ensure they remain effective. Effective a Responsible a> |

OBJECTIVE Expose State Threats State threats include the use of spies to influence others. Cyber operations can expose the threat from this activity to prevent it happening again. Effective 8 Responsible ®

OBJECTIVE Disrupt a Terrorist Group Terrorist groups represent a serious threat to security. Disrupting these groups makes the nation safer and more secure. Effective Responsible @

OBJECTIVE Disrupt.Online Criminals Stopping online criminals from carrying out their operations means innocent people can use the internet safely. Effective a Responsible Me

OBJECTIVE Expose Illegal Activity Exposing the activities of criminals, either publicly or privately, reduces the likelihood of them carrying out illegal actions: in the future. Effective a Responsible ©

OBJECTIVE Expose Illegal Activity Exposing the activities of criminals, either publicly or privately, reduces the likelihood of them carrying out illegal actions in the future. Effective Responsible ro}

